Issue in functionality
------------------------------
database from which product Inventory user get how much profit in details With All CreditPoints details.
updatewalletTransaction
multiple file upload in single input
csv file upload issue

Hard  functionality
-----------------------------
Bar Codes Independent identifiers for both inventory and borrowers 
Some method of warehousing management – such as info on where exactly the item is stored, warehouse attendant should be able to go there and tally inventory by just an RFID scanning process. (e.g. how many products are in X rack) THIS CAN BE PHASE TWO.

Admin Functionality
--------------------------------
Ability to sort inventory by owner, whether in or out, pricing 
Ability to customer inventory by owner, whether in or out, pricing 
Bulk uploading of borrower and inventory data (from Excel / CSV)
 Ability to send bulk emails or sms to a group. Also, messaging to individual customers or select groups (such as if certain inventory demanded are available or as reminders to ensure timely return) 
 Support marketing activities like free trials by way of bulk messaging (Notifications, emails with feedback / ordering loop)

Admin Dashboard
Admin to have data modificationrights.
Possibility creating revenue accounting within this – should be able to tally inventory rented out and revenues at any time on a live basis
Data (graphical presentation) on users - daily/weekly/monthly sign ups, borrowing, buying prices related reports, revenues by individual inventory items and individual customers, customers’ credits with us (company) ,top 20 customers by by inventory item/ top 20 inventory items and revenues in each customer group (could be by age, acquired month i.e. sign up cohort, locations)
Admin can offer a waiver basis internal approvals 


Inventory User
----------------------
Inventory could be bought from the market or be given by users in exchange for credit points.
Customer will be able to share his / her products with the company for which he / she will be given credits. Those credits should reflect in customers account, in our back end and shown on his / her profile page. In case the customer wants to borrow, the system will calculate if he has enough credits – if yes, the purchase will go through, if not then he will be prompted to pay the difference / full amount.
Possibility creating revenue accounting within this – should be able to tally inventory rented out and revenues at any time on a live basis


Frontend Product detail
-----------------------
Product image / s, Metadata such as ratings from outside like – APIs from outside source.    Explained better in point 10 below.
Sorting: By various product attributes such as manufacturer, dealer distributor, product rating,price etc.
Home page will have products by weekly / monthly promotions (3/4 banners), recommendations based on previous borrowing / patterns, products by categories, featured products / deals. 
Individual product page – will have an image / s of the product, Rating, availability or non-availability status, price (rental price and MRP – e.g. MRP and ‘You get this for ‘Rs. 1234’, You Save Rs. ......) add to cart or ‘rent’ button leading to order finalization and then onto payment (or COD) page. IF product not available, customer should be able to see when it will be available and able to pre-book.
Inventory in and out with calendar integration – inventory going out and expected date of return (return dates should be programmable for entire set or exceptions allowed for some inventory). Would also like to include a penalty (calculated on the basis of No. of days overdue and deducted out of a prepaid wallet in case customer has balance else showing as pending.) Customer should not be allowed to borrow unless penalty is cleared (Admin can offer a waiver basis internal approvals)


Customer 
--------------------------
Customer dashboard
Customer sign up data to automatically link into this
Ability to find individual customer data and to modify it.
Ability to generate a tentative bill as well as an actual bill that can be printed/ smsed/ emailed to borrower in a particular format.
 Search: Customer should be able to search product / inventory by any of the metadata available Customers should be able to select and put product into a ‘shopping cart’ and then order them. This can be prepaid or postpaid 
 Sign Up / Sign in: Customer should be able to sign up with his / her email ID (Verified via email / sms PIN). Sign in could be just email based or else with Google or Facebook. Ability to create a prepaid wallet and / or link a credit / debit 
Customer Account: Customer’s own profile data – Name, email ID, Cell No., Balance in prepaid wallet, Card Details attached - should be available to him / her. Product/ s that is/are borrowed but not returned and their return dates. Also, ability to change password.
 Individual customer’s borrowing limit (only if purchase is being made from prepaid wallet or COD – to prevent one customer ordering only to cancel) The wallet balance will reflect on the product description page as well as in his / her profile.
 Customer should be able to add products / inventory to his / her cart from home page or any product display page.
Inventory ordered by customers should immediately get deducted from back-end. Inventory’s availability status should be reflected to both customers and Adminand (in case of COD) if not paid can be deleted.
Should be able to see orders by customers in a dashboard live updated with all relevant data on customers as well as the order itself.
